Update lab-releases.md (#4746)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/developer-support/special-releases-and-features/lab-releases.md

---

*Lab Release* is a release for a product still in the lab phase, during which features are still under active development and testing.
Lab phase releases are crucial in our product discovery and proving. They bring our customers, prospects, and the open-source community to the
heart of our product design. This collaboration provides valuable feedback, helping us refine and improve the product while giving you early
access to some key ideas we are testing. We really value your feedback - we want to learn what works for you, new use cases we've missed,
or things that can be improved before we release the capability as production-ready.

## Important information when using products in a *Lab Release* phase
Lab phase releases are not intended for production use and there are a few things you need to be aware of if you are 
helping us prove a lab release:
- **They are not ready for production use:** they have not been through our normal software development lifecycle of build and test so are 
not suitable for production use
- **You may find bugs:** these are very early iterations of the code - bugs will be present

> - **They may be insecure:** the code has not gone through any security testing, so you may find exposure risk - we'd security test as 

Author: ```suggestion
- **They may be insecure:** the code has not gone through any security testing, so you may find exposure risk - we'd security test as 
- **They may be insecure: ** the code has not gone through any security testing, which may expose risks. Comprehensive security evaluations will be conducted before any production release.

```

will be conducted before production release.
- **They are unstable:** we will constantly be iterating this code, responding to your feedback. This might lead to instability
- **Data Integrity:** there is a small risk of data loss or corruption. We strongly recommend backing up important information regularly
- **APIs and Configuration Changes:** the lab release product may undergo interface and configuration changes, as well as API contract alterations, 
as part of ongoing development and refinement efforts
- **Documentation could be limited:** we will endeavour to document the proof of concepts, but we may miss things

> - **Limited Support:** official support is not available for lab products. Any issues or feedback can be reported through [Tyk public issues tracker](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk/issues/new/choose), [Tyk community forum](https://community.tyk.io/) or via your account manager.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Limited Support:** official support is not available for lab products. We encourage reporting any issues or feedback directly through any of the following channels: 
- [Tyk Public Issues Tracker](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk/issues/new/choose)
- [Tyk Community Forum](https://community.tyk.io/)
- Contact your Account Manager directly.
 
```
